# book_reviews

This is a carefully crafted combination of LaTeX and Python used to keep track of books I've read, make notes on them, and calculate various relevant statistics. It's admittedly very much designed for my own specific needs. The full text of my so-called "reviews" is not included here. However, an abbreviated example is provided.

To compile the LaTeX code and run the Python script, you will need to run 'make' in this directory on a bash-like command-line terminal. It will probably complain about missing references or a missing table of contents. Enter 'make toc' until these problems go away. (Other problems about spacing will persist, but they don't matter.) Use 'make clean' to start over, although that is rarely necessary.

After compiling, you should see a few additional files. booklist.csv is a comma-separated file that can be opened directly by a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel or LibreOffice Calc). statistics.tex is an automatically generated LaTeX code document that gets read by the main LaTeX code. These two files are generated by calc_statistics.py, which painstakingly parses book_reviews.tex. book_reviews.aux, book_reviews.log, book_reviews.out, and book_reviews.toc are byproducts of compilation that are not meant for human reading or editing. book_reviews.pdf is the final product.


# Dependencies

This project requires Python (preferably Python 3) and pdflatex with the German language extension. This should work on Ubuntu:

```
sudo apt install texlive-latex-extra texlive-lang-german
```
